---
layout: post
title: "Welcoming 2018"
date: 2018-01-01 02:35:05 +0800s
---
The statement that our perception of time speeds up as we get older becomes more realistic as 2017 closes. It hasn't felt like a year has passed, yet my phone tells me we're in 2018. Maybe I feel this way because of how I spent my days this past year.

It's been alright I guess... I don't have much to say to generalize my 2017. Like everyone else, I've had some good and bad moments, but right now I feel dedicated to keep myself in check more. The last 3 years felt like it went by quickly as I seemed to payed less attention to myself and my surroundings. I won't go into detail, but it's because of a break up.

As I proccess my thoughts to review for this year, the one thing that concerns me the most is my mental state. Since October of 2016, I've started practicing meditation as a means to self improvement. What I've gotten from it so far is a grasp of self-awareness, and it really does help in changing how I think, how I can set and assure my emotions, and just a handy way to direct my life. Of course this doesn't mean I can fully control my thoughts, emotions and behavior, but at least I am aware and instinctively see myself from it. I can confidently say that because of this personal hobby, I've been able to keep a healthy and genuine relationship with the people I interact with. To be completely honest, my insecurity is my fear of rejection, as a result, I developed a cynical and repulsive personality and it cultivated for the past years, but ever since I've started meditating I stopped subconsciously distancing myself from the people I care about. This doesn't mean I completely changed, sometimes I still find myself resenting people and blocking their attempts at a relationship.

I really should have written this entry before New Year's Day.

---

- Read 50 books
- Maintain blog
- Practice meditation more
- Get fit

My goals for 2018 is to have a healthy hobby that I wanted to get into for some time, reading. My first book would be Who Ordered This Truckload of Dung?: Inspiring Stories for Welcoming Life's Difficulties by Ajahn Brahm. I also plan on maintaining this blog by having consistent content, improvments in performance, design, and accessiblity. Meditation relates to my mental state, and I'd like to improve it further. Lastly, as redditors would advice to any problem, "Delete Facebook, Hit the Gym, Lawyer Up"—mostly the gym part.

Happy New Years. 


