---
layout: post
title: "New Year"
date: 2019-01-01 01:21:05 +0800s
---
As the year ends, I feel the need to recollect myself and asses what happened to me the past year. Based on my New Year's resolution I've already failed one thing on my list, which is to maintain this blog. To be honest, I completely forgot to maintain the blog ever since Janaury because at that time I was still looking for a company to do my internship with. It was very stressful looking for a company at that time, because the term was already starting and I still didn't have a company approved by my university. Everything considered, I was able to land an internship and I started working from January to April, as a result this blog/mini project was put aside. I've been meaning to get back into writing blog entries, but it never pushed through.

Well, right now I'm in the mood to write one, and I think it's an appropriate time before I completely abandon this blog. So last year, I wrote about my mental state and comparing myself back then to last year, I feel like I've improved significantly. At the very least, I don't feel like shit most of my days the past year. I look forward to each day positively and I try to end it on a good note. I'm in no means a sociable person, but I've been trying to branch out and expanding my connections as I complete all my units in my university. I'll be graduating this year, and hopefully I've planned on what I want to do after. It's honestly giving me anxiety and I want to fix myself first before considering any career path with my computer science degree. Fixing myself includes being well mentally, physically, and socially, so for the next year I'm going to continuously improve on these things.

My goal for this year is to cover the basics and start from there. To specify, I want to finish my undergrad thesis and graduate. I want to be able to find a job related to my course, so I can afford to keep myself financially stable for the most part. At the very least, I want to prepare myself for adulthood.

As for my resolutions last year, I was able to do half on my list which is pretty nice I guess. I started going to the gym and I've been trying to keep up and learn from my roommate who is teaching me how to start getting fit. My progress in meditation has been growing at a constant pace. I'm able to focus more and get distrated less. I wasn't able to reach 50 books though, I only read 25. This year I'll try to read 25 books again, and maybe even more.

Happy New Years